# Content-Management-Systems-Course-AssignmentURL

## Goal

    You`ll continue the cross-course project you designed and build the first semester

## Brief

    In this assignment you`ll be using the wordpress rest api to manage the products for your website deployed on Netilfy. instead of having the products hardcoded into the HTML, you will use JS to fetch the list of WordPress products and display them on your site

    It`s essential to note the two different aspects the assignment: the wordpress rest api running on your web host, and your JS in the cross-course project making a call to that API wordPress will generate a front-end, but that`not what we`re using it for in this assignment;
    We`re using it as a Headless CMS

## Level 1 Process

    1. Create an installation of WordPress on your web host and ensure you set it to be headless so that the front-end generated by WordPress is hidden from public

    2. Add the WooCommerce plugin and add products onto the site. There should be at least five products added to the site.

    3. Using JS, Fetch the data from the WordPress Rest API and add it to your Website in the relevant sections of your cross-course project. if you have a "Featured sectin", find a way to flag "Featured items" on Wordpress and pull that onto your page,

    4. Using query string parameters allow the user to click on an individual item in the product list and take them to see that product, with the specific data for that product on the page. if your site doesn`t currently have a product specific page, Please add one.
    Submit a link to the Website on Netlify

## Level 2 Process (optional)

    1. if you have filters or sorts on your website, try sorting through the results you`re getting back from the api. for more information, you can watch and read the below:

    WATCH

        Video: Sort() method (13m 8s)
            Link: https://scrimba.com/scrim/c8Mm7MsE

        Video: Filter() method (10m 12s)
            Link: https://scrimba.com/scrim/cdqdnQUr

    READ
        Article: Array.prototype.sort()
            Link: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/sort

        Article: Array.prototype.filter()
            Link:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/filter

## Submission

    By the end of the CA, You will:

        1. Have installed WordPress on a web host and created a list of products

        2. Be making an Api Call to fetch the products to your cross-course project

        3. Be using query strings to let the user click to view an individual product

You need to complete all of the above to receive a passing grade.

Submit a link to your updated website.
